[DOCS] Add intro to traces (#1859)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/getting-started/_index.md

# Get started with Grafana Tempo

Distributed tracing visualizes the lifecycle of a request as it passes through a set of applications.

> For more information about traces, refer to [What are traces?]({{< relref "traces" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about traces, refer to [What are traces?]({{< relref "traces" >}}).
```

First, check out the [examples]({{< relref "example-demo-app.md" >}}) for ideas on how to get started with Tempo.

> Next, review the [Setup documentation]({{< relref "../setup/" >}}) for step-by-step instructions on setting up a Tempo cluster and creating a test app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, review the [Setup documentation]({{< relref "../setup/" >}}) for step-by-step instructions about setting up a Tempo cluster and creating a test application.
```
"on" means "about"

Grafana has a built-in Tempo data source that can be used to query Tempo and visualize traces.
For more information, refer to the [Tempo data source](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/datasources/tempo/) and the [Tempo in Grafana]({{< relref "./tempo-in-grafana/" >}}) topics.

> Refer to [querying configuration documentation]({{< relref "../configuration/querying" >}}) for details about Grafana configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details about Grafana configuration, refer to [querying configuration]({{< relref "../configuration/querying" >}}).
```
What before how
